Moderator: Okay, I've started recording. So I'd just like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P20: Yes.
Moderator: And are you comfortable if we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with our Va partners if we removed any information that could be used to identify you.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much. So
Moderator: before we take a look at that form I was talking about. Just have a couple of questions for you. Is it accurate that you are not enrolled in the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P20: I don't think we are.
P20: I didn't. I'm almost
P20: I I think that's the program where it's a family member taking care of you get paid to take care of your Va. Person right.
Moderator: It is associated with a stipend. Yeah.
P20: I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. You could. Yeah, I don't do that.
Moderator: Okay, I.
P20: I don't think, yeah, yeah.
Moderator: And have you heard of that program? Sounds like you have.
P20: A little. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, I don't think it fits our. I mean, I don't have the time personally. And yeah.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: have you ever interacted with the Va for other family member benefits.
P20: Oh yes!
Moderator: Okay, such as.
P20: Okay. My dad gets incontinence, supplies. It's like pharmaceutical. It's under pharmaceutical. But it's really all incontinence supplies. We visited the Va for just to get approved like medically.
P20: He gets home care. That's a big issue. I wish he would get more hours.
P20: That's something.
P20: that I've spoken to the social worker. We've had to fill out forms and things. Yeah.
Moderator: Okay?
Moderator: So could you tell me in your own words what it means to be a veteran caregiver.
P20: You're saying, not the official program, but how I.
Moderator: Yeah, in the capacity that you operate.
P20: So I don't live with my father, but he's 93, God bless him! But I manage. You know everything.
P20: and
P20: I'm extremely appreciative to the Va. Because if it wasn't for the money that he receives from the veterans aid, attendance, and pension.
P20: I would not be able to pay for the 8 that he gets, and he's definitely
P20: well, you know, 93. He's definitely the last 2 years has really declined health wise, and he really needs an a 24, 7. I wish we would get more from the home care area. For some reason
P20: he he doesn't. He gets, I think, 13 HA week, and it so between all of that, I have coverage. It's not as much as I'd want, but I'm extremely appreciative, and also for the incontinence supplies, otherwise he would have been in a nursing home by now.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you for sharing that.
P20: Sure.
Moderator: M.
Moderator: How would you want to learn about benefits like the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers? How do you like to find out information about things.
P20: I wish. So this is something you're saying in general, and and I happen to be, besides being a child, you know, caregiver person.
P20: Just so, you know, professionally, I'm a geriatric care manager. So this touches on me personally and professionally beyond my own dad.
P20: And I really wish that there would have been a better system for informing me about the services he has, because when I originally registered him, I did not know that incontinence supplies were covered, and for years I was paying for them.
P20: and that really ate into it, and I wish somebody would have like
P20: sat with us, and you know, when I registered him, and either I described everything about him, and they said you you would be entitled to these programs or taught it, didn't
P20: it kind of came out
P20: by happenstance when I went to a professional meeting and heard
P20: that that's a covered experience. Sometimes they have the vas like what you know people do, and just someone talking to care managers. This is for your clients.
P20: I was like, really.
P20: And then I looked into it, and the same thing with the home care. Nobody sits you down and says.
P20: You know this is for you.
Moderator: okay, thank you.
P20: Like I I do an assessment when I get on clients personally like that's when people hire me, you know it's private, so I I don't know you have to do the system en masse. That would be cost effective. But sometimes you don't see emails. You don't see text like, Oh, I didn't know about that like, I didn't know about that program that when he passes something's covered, I I saw there was an email. But I'm just saying when you initially register
P20: and there should be like a system or an intake like where you click off things. That's what I would suggest, even if it's not a person, it could be.
P20: you know, online.
P20: And then when you click these things, then it's like you're eligible. For these programs. Follow up. If you want something like like, I don't even know they exist, and I'm in the know.
P20: and it's like, if I didn't know this I can imagine. For years I was paying incontinence. No one ever said, oh, Bella, this is a covered expense.
Moderator: Yeah, okay.
Moderator: so how have you been figuring that out?
P20: It. It came, you know, every time again, because I do this professionally. That was really, you know I'm not, and again not wearing my daughter hat, but wearing my professional hat. I've gone to meetings, and they had speakers who, from the Va. Or some, you know, or or an allied partner talking about. There's all these different companies that do it, that what? Because a lot of our clients are veterans. So
P20: and then I heard about it. Then I called the bank, go, hey, do you do this? They're like, well, yeah, sure we do.
Moderator: Interesting. Okay.
Moderator: thank you for sharing that.
Moderator: If you were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we are going to go through today? What information do you think you'd need before completing the form? What would you want to know.
P20: What would I want to know, or what you want? What I would want to know?
Moderator: What would you want to know about the program before applying.
P20: Bottom line. What's expected of me? Time? Wise? What's my commitment? What's my requirement?
P20: yeah, mainly that.
P20: And I guess the money I mean, like to me. That isn't, you know, again, this isn't as relevant to me, but I'm looking at it wearing that hat. I think somebody would want to know. Bottom line is how much of a time limit, how much money? Because, assuming if you're working, that means giving up your job to do this for some people that might be worth it. And then the qualifications of which family members can do it like, for example, in New York, which I'm very familiar with with Medicaid. They have a program
P20: called CD. Pass, and it's something like where a family member can take care of it. Certain family members cannot. A spouse can't do it for a spouse, but a grandchild could. So, in other words, which family members are able to give care how many hours. And what's the pay?
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: So we're not gonna change gears a bit. And I'm gonna share a link to that testing site with you in zoom chat.
Moderator: Do you see where that is?
P20: Yeah, just click on it.
Moderator: Okay, perfect. So I'm gonna have you open that in whatever browser you'd like. And then I'm gonna have you share your screen with me in zoom.
Moderator: Just that screen where the form is open.
P20: Okay. I'm on it.
Moderator: Okay, so you wanna go back to the screen window or sorry the zoom window, where you can see me.
P20: Okay.
Moderator: And then there should be a share button on the toolbar on the bottom of the screen. It's a green button that says share?
Moderator: Do you see that.
P20: Yeah.
Moderator: And then it will ask what window you want to share.
Moderator: Perfect. Thank you so much. I can see it.
Moderator: Okay. So I just want you to review this page and tell me your initial thoughts, and what your expectations are of the form. Before going forward and applying.
P20: Okay, give me a second.
Moderator: Take your time.
P20: I'm not crazy about the name of the program.
P20: and I don't know if a lot of
P20: I think it could be made a little more
P20: comprehensive assistance for family caregivers. I know.
Moderator: What would you change about it?
P20: I was like, you know, you're dealing with all kinds of people of different educational levels, all different English literacy backgrounds.
P20: And every word counts.
P20: I don't know if all those words are necessary just to make it simple
P20: help for fit.
P20: I don't know if I'd like the word comprehensive? Because, like, what does that even mean? What's what's half comprehensive? Why is that word necessary? Again, imagine you're speaking? Go into the lowest denominator when you do these things. So someone who's uneducated and young, let's say, taking care of like I'm dealing with. I'm 58 with a 93 year old father and I have a graduate degree, right? And I'm and I'm very English is my native language. Take it to someone who's let's say
P20: spouse, and they're I don't know. They're under 20 years old, you know. They're not educated, and maybe they don't speak English. Great. And I'd be like, How is that just help for camp family, you know, free help or free Va help
P20: for family, or something like. In other words, I I have to think a little bit more in depth, but
P20: many times, you know, instead of making it as sophisticated, make it as simple.
P20: It's possible for people who
P20: just I just don't see the word.
P20: It's it's sounding like one of these government fancier things that needs to be comprehensive to me means nothing here.
P20: you know, if you want to just say full free help
P20: for fame. I don't know. You need something catchy, you know, and that isn't what I'm saying isn't because I'm not that, you know. I'd have to think it through it. It requires a little more thought, but I'm just not crazy, but that's just me.
Moderator: Yeah, that's really helpful. Thank you.
P20: Do you want me to click on the eligibility or link or no.
P20: just. I'm reading.
Moderator: Whatever you would do if you were getting ready to fill out this form.
P20: Okay, so I would be checking on that click on that link. Okay.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Okay, so do you have time. I should commute through this whole thing, too.
P20: if that's.
Moderator: So you can do, yeah.
P20: Yeah, this whole thing program of comprehensive. I don't know. I think there's something set, or even if you came up with like a cute little acronym like help, HELP. Our help program, and HO. 8 for the acronym, or something. I just think it looks a little overwhelming and intimidating where you're trying to help people make it as simple as you can.
P20: Okay, less, less words the better.
P20: This whole thing should be. On the 1st page, you should not have to click the link to get to it.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Too many words.
Moderator: This is too many words.
P20: Again. I'm gonna go back to that other link. But like.
P20: remember how I said, to start with.
P20: there should just be. You shouldn't have to click on the link. One link should not even a link. It should have a bullet.
P20: qualifications. Again, I'm talking off the top of my head qualifications. For
P20: for family caregiver for the program
P20: boom, 18,
P20: you know like that like 3 bullets 3 to 5 bullets,
P20: your you know family, family, member and friends, spouse, daughter, step, family member extend, you know.
P20: an extended family member, I would. I don't know what that means.
P20: Okay, I have no idea. Am IA grandma? What if I'm a daughter in law? Does that count
P20: that should be spelled out.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: You live full time with the Confederate. 24, 7,
P20: and do I have to be available? 24, 7. I would just explain that term?
P20: okay, I'm not gonna click on the link for the active duty, because that's not applicable to me personally.
P20: okay, all of this should be on the main screen. This is very important. I think. You know, I'd have to go back to the main screen. But this is all the information. This is the critical information that I would want to know
P20: who's eligible, what type of people the eligibility of the veteran and then you need links like, if I was doing this, I don't know what it means, the disability rating of 70% or higher. I I would want to link after that because I have no idea my dad is even that.
P20: okay, the next one is self explanatory date of medical discharge.
P20: 6 months of in-person personal care. And again, maybe I'm being too picky.
P20: I don't know if you need to do an ie. What does that mean? Again? I'm in the business as a care manager. This is exactly what I do.
P20: but I don't. What I know that I'm thinking as a regular person.
P20: What would qualify for that.
P20: you know. For example, you know you could say Adls, you know, activities of daily living.
P20: bathing, dressing, grooming, transferring, eating, toileting. Those are typically what's involved. But I would somebody that you know you're looking at people. What kind of people are looking through this? Obviously there are people whose loved ones have gone through a rehab. Stay a hospital stay, or they're injured. But what about if I'm just trying to? Let's say I have a loved one with a chronic condition
P20: who hasn't been in there. But they're constantly. We call Round Robin in and out of the hospital for Chf.
P20: diabetes. Things like that. My Dad has wound care he's constantly in. He's done a lot of hospital stays for that. Explain that
P20: for people that aren't familiar with like the what does personal care services mean.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Would know what that meant. They might just think my dad's lonely. No, you're not going to pay for someone because they're lonely, you know.
P20: Okay? And then, even if you're saying enrolled in Va healthcare, put a link there. So if I'm like, if I want to get enrolled. How do I?
P20: Again? I'm looking at. This is like, I happen to know a lot of these. If you're like new to this.
P20: send me to these places. Okay, fine. What are personal care? See here, you do explain where personal care then link to that, connect it.
P20: Laser, share resolution.
P20: Okay, everyday personal needs. There's something in the industry called activities of daily living that should be the terminology that's used. That's typically what's used when you talk about these things with social workers and doctors.
P20: I'm like, I mean, that's like again, I know Medicaid standards for New York, like, when lawyers were talking about this kind of stuff personal needs. I mean, you can use that term. But
P20: I would do it
P20: every day because people need to understand the terms when they're talking about this
P20: as I'll give you an example. My dad also gets medicaid.
P20: so let's say my question would be, well, can I get both services? Because usually I'm not getting enough hours from here. Can I do this? But they use the term activities of daily living. And that's the tech real time. And then you guys are using personal needs. So I would do, maybe personal needs, slash activities of daily living and list all of them. Again, this is 3. It's typically feeding, bathing, dressing, transferring, grooming, toileting.
P20: Okay, really important.
P20: And there's another thing called soft Adls, which are like or the Iadls, they call them
P20: which are like managing your money, shopping, cleaning your house. Right? So are those included. Or is that considered personal needs? I mean, one could say, Yes, right? So that's again connect with the main services that are out there in the world for this type of thing, and see how you compare to that. So Iad, also, you should look into that
P20: safety, protection or instruction in the daily living environment.
P20: Does that mean what you're really just trying to say is, a person has dementia. That's how I would read that again, putting on my professional hat.
P20: and I think if you want to say, this program covers dementia list that as a bullet, because right now that's the biggest challenge that most people. My mother died about a year and a half ago.
P20: And I dealt with that with 10 years with her. So
P20: would someone with dementia automatically get covered.
P20: that's a huge thing. I don't know if you want to say that it might not be so. But I would address that somewhere, because that's probably one of the biggest things for older veterans, not obviously the young people coming out. No, but older. Yes.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: the.
P20: Okay, primary and secondary. I'm not sure what that means till we okay, then it goes. The next thing.
P20: So like, instead of saying, how many can you appoint? Walk me through the program? I don't even know what that means. So I think it should just be like, Okay, so you are entitled to blah blah like, explain that. Then I'll
P20: it's just like putting the cart before the horse.
P20: Okay.
P20: okay, that sounds nice. So what the benefits
P20: it. It's just very nebulous like. Tell me what the program is. What's the the money people want to know? Very simple, like I said, the bottom line. This all sounds great. But what if you say you're paying $5 an hour?
P20: So I'm like, now I can't give up my $100,000 job or my 50,000 or $25,000 job a year
P20: for $5 an hour.
P20: So I would just explain the stipend and that.
P20: okay, that's fine.
P20: Okay, I'm I'm clicking the apply for you see what I'm doing.
Moderator: Yeah, that's good. I'm just gonna take you back there.
P20: Yeah, yeah.
P20: okay, is this, is this, was this the 1st link? I, yeah.
Moderator: Yeah, this is the 1st link.
P20: Okay. So
P20: I'm going back to where I was because I I wanna, I just click this license. Okay.
P20: this is jumping around a lot. I alright. Okay. So I can do that. I can fly by mail. Fine.
P20: I comply in person.
P20: Can I call somebody up immediately, as I'm applying to just. I have questions. That's what I want to know, like, right? If I saw this already
P20: before I waste my time not waste, I don't mean to sound disrespectful going through this, I want to know, like.
P20: okay, this sounds intriguing.
P20: Can you just like person, walk me through this? I'm still it's nebulous to me like, what does it mean? What's the money? What's involved like? There's not enough detail on here.
P20: And there's too many words. It's just I don't know. It's it's not compact.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: alright, just for the sake of time I'm gonna have you go back to that original link.
P20: Okay.
P20: right? See here, when it goes. And what if the veteran doesn't apply like? There's so much here that
P20: I think it could be much more compact. Like.
P20: say, the the yeah, how do I get back to? Okay, let me get back.
P20: I think what needs to happen is you need to give all the the main issues that people want upfront, and then the links. F like.
P20: you know what I mean it.
P20: It would be more. It, it needs to be more efficiently presented.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So taking a look at this page in particular, does anything stand out to you as being confusing or particularly helpful?
P20: Okay, here, you.
P20: I like that caregiver support line. I would have like a big green or blue or red, white and blue button
P20: somewhere, showing.
P20: you know, in other words, like, you know, like, sometimes when you need help, just call this number when you're on a customer care line, and they give you all these options or just hit 0.
P20: It's like, if I would know, and I had to hit 0. I wouldn't have to hear the lady telling me all these up that should be like A, because most people, I think, are going to want
P20: to talk to somebody. I I would. I don't know about other versus wait like waiting through all this stuff, because you can make it personally to me like in 5 min I could talk to them, and just say, Give me the bottom line, and to me, and and
P20: not like 15 min going through all this thing.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Yeah.
Moderator: So if you're on.
Moderator: I'm sorry.
P20: All right.
Moderator: If you were gonna write this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best. How prepared and informed would you feel about the application you're about to begin paste on this page's content.
P20: At 2.
Moderator: Okay. And why would you give it that rating.
P20: Because I still don't know what the program is like. Tell me I'm applying for something that I don't know what I'm applying for.
P20: Like again you told me
P20: who's eligible
P20: is the caregiver is the the veteran.
P20: How much money you're getting.
P20: and what's the commitment involved? Because I might. It all sounds in theory good. But if I found out that I can't either none of us meet the criteria or it just it doesn't meet our needs. Then
P20: why should I have to wait? Find that out later, like, just tell me from the beginning.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: So I'd like you to start the form as if you were applying for the program.
Moderator: Okay? And just a reminder. This is a testing site. So you don't have to worry about any of the information that you enter. Going anywhere.
Moderator: You can use real or fake information. It doesn't matter. Whatever's easier for you.
P20: Okay, so I can do fake stuff on.
Moderator: That's fine. I'll give you a fake social security number when we get to that step.
Moderator: Just think aloud as you're going through. I want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P20: Okay, yeah, no, so far.
P20: Oh, what's the social.
Moderator: You can put 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7, 8, 9.
Moderator: Could you tell me why you're pausing on that one?
P20: That's why we ask for this information.
P20: Oh.
P20: okay, I wanna know the county. Okay.
P20: So
P20: okay.
P20: So when I'm looking at this, it says that you're gonna mail a copy of their decision to the veteran.
P20: Yeah, I guess that makes sense that
P20: because I'm thinking, what if you're applying for care for someone, and you just 1st want to know if you're eligible. But I guess.
P20: yeah, no, that's okay.
P20: No.
Moderator: How would you prefer to search for a facility here? Is that a city you entered.
P20: So, my dad, we we do. This is true. We do go to the Saint Albans, one. I don't know why it's not okay. So I could just I could put in New York and see what.
Moderator: Okay. So you didn't see what you expected. There.
P20: Right.
P20: No, I saw the Brooklyn, Va. But it should have said, Let's see if I do. Queens.
P20: Oh, there we go!
P20: So it didn't pull up.
P20: I had to list the county. It didn't when I put in. I guess New York is probably too big. So I had put in, that's okay.
P20: Yeah. It didn't come up right away.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: what are your thoughts about this page?
P20: Okay, that makes sense. Because you know what? I actually okay, they caught me because, I just didn't give. I wrote New York, New York and we actually go to the Queens. One. So, okay, so that was my inconsistency. I should have written, I should have given address in queens, so they're they're gearing me back to the main one in Manhattan, so that they caught that that was good.
P20: That's good.
Moderator: Do you think that they are saying that because of the address that you entered.
P20: Right, which is good, because, let's say, I didn't know, you know, because it does make sense to go to the one that's close. I I don't know. Think you have to go to the one closest to you. I don't think it's like a rule, but, like the Manhattan one is definitely bigger than the queens one. So, okay, let me go back to that. Didn't say I have to, because
P20: here, okay, this is the facility we have signed to support you in the application process and has a caregiversible
P20: so the only thing again, I don't do a ton of services at the Va.
P20: Let's say
P20: this is something you have to find out from how the Va. Works that
P20: I think you can go to whichever one you want. I don't think like, for example, again, a lot of states don't have it just New York is so big. So let's say, my dad, this is real life. I'm telling you my dad lives in queens and we go to the local queen. Say.
P20: queens one. It just makes sense. But, for example, he needed like to get something of. I'm not going to probably take him to a doctor. It's too much for him that a certain the doctor we needed was only in Brooklyn.
P20: Could I make Brooklyn my main site? Could I mean in Manhattan, my main site? I don't know if you could like Manhattan's probably the the mama bear of this like I'm sure it's huge.
P20: I've been there. It's it's big. So it's like, Could you do that? And if that is the case.
P20: if that, assuming that is the case that you can pick which one you want, if you have a few in your area.
P20: I think that is, I'm not sure if to verify. But then the question is, can they assign you to a different one to support the application? Is that confusing? Or is it just that's where they're located. Like I'm not
P20: clear you'd you'd have to find that out.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. If you were to rate that process of selecting a facility, one to 5, 1 being the worst 5 being the best. How would you rate that process.
P20: It was like a 3, because it could be. The people know about that like a 3 or 4. Just that. It's because I wrote the wrong address. That wouldn't have come up. But again I think it all comes down to. If they let you pick your facility, then then it's a little
P20: cause. If they do, then it's like, Am I forced? I'd want to go to the facility that I always go to. Why are you sending me to the one just because it's in my address. If I'm willing to go out of my address.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: yeah, it's
Moderator: I think it's actually doing that because
Moderator: it's showing you a facility where they have caregiver support. It's not actually because of the address that you entered. I believe so.
P20: Oh, so, maybe.
Moderator: I don't know.
P20: Happen.
Moderator: That's really helpful feedback.
P20: Yeah, maybe they don't all have it. And then what if I physically can't get there like Brooklyn? Let's say if that is the truth, and I have a way to get to Manhattan, not to Brooklyn and disable the veterans ever.
P20: Can it be okay? It's fine. You're signing me to that other one. But can all be done on the phone? Or can I do it in person.
P20: like, I don't know if that's an option.
P20: Yeah, okay.
Moderator: Really, helpful. Yeah.
P20: Yeah, if it's online, then it doesn't matter.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you. Taking a look at this page, what does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P20: I don't know. It's nebulous.
P20: What it means to me.
P20: Is that someone who's fully responsible? But again, what does that mean? Is it a time commitment? Is it? Is it a responsibility? Level commitment.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Right. That's why what I was telling you earlier.
P20: Angela is like.
P20: I can't say I want to apply for something. I know what I'm applying for like common sense, right? So that should be laid out from the very beginning, you know.
P20: 8 to 10 HA day
P20: available in emergencies, and all that, because I could just say, I have a baby, and and I'm not available to do that as much as I, you know, want to. So
P20: would you apply? Okay? So I should click this outside. I'm going to say, yes, that doesn't make sense. How can I say I'm applying for smooth on even. Oh, here, wait, learn more about and see this. Learn more.
P20: Okay, this should be from the 1st page. Okay, but like this is like hidden away little gem here.
P20: I would put next to
P20: significant other. I mean, maybe it's understood a significant other. But in parens
P20: doesn't need to be married, or I don't know. I I guess maybe that's implied because it's a spouse of skip that
P20: friend or neighbor, other relatives. So it sounds like anyone can do this. Basically.
P20: that's what it sounds like.
P20: okay, there. So it sounds like, there really are no qualifications for
P20: a family caregiver.
P20: But they they have to be a relative. But no, it's a friend or neighbor. So it kind of sounds.
P20: Then why are we calling this?
P20: What's this program called again? Is it called family caregiver program, or just caregiver.
Moderator: It. It does have the word family in there.
P20: Okay, so, but it just tells me right here.
P20: 2 of these things don't have to be family. It's friend or neighbor or other relative. What if I have
P20: the oh, this was a question I had. So let's say I'm on, and this is very practical for me.
P20: If if let's say, someone's getting Medicaid.
P20: So it's like an aid from an agency. Could they also qualify to do this program? So I could kind of take advantage of both programs. Cause I could say that aid is my dad's friend
P20: like it doesn't. You don't have to be. There's no family required.
Moderator: Yeah.
P20: Okay. So again, do I want to apply for the program?
P20: I'm gonna say, yes, but I still don't know what the program is and what the qualifications are, and how much I'm getting
P20: so.
Moderator: Yeah, that's really helpful. But let's go through as though you're.
P20: Just to go through like, just to pretend I'm like, yeah, sounds great.
P20: okay. So now, I'm entering the primary family person's information.
P20: I don't know if someone's gonna want to give their birthday when they don't know what they're committed to like. That's just so weird. I again.
P20: I would be like. I would have called like many times already this like, if you had that button on the like I'm committing to something. I don't know what you're expecting of me. I know what I'm getting compensated for, and you're already asking for personal information.
P20: My birth date. I I would not be
P20: doing that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: how would you feel about entering the social security number?
P20: You gotta be kidding me.
Moderator: Well, if you don't like that.
P20: Yeah, no, I see what that's the next screen. Is that the next screen?
P20: No, no, no.
P20: yep, there you go. I would have been like again. How can we? You know it's like the government so funny out of all ends we're talking about scams, scam scams. Don't give out your information. And then here you're asking for information, but I don't even know what I'm committing to. It could be that I would have had I known this 20 screens ago that I'm getting paid $5 an hour, and you expect me to be there 24, 7, and I can't work.
P20: I wouldn't even be doing this.
Moderator: Yeah.
P20: So do you want me just put in an or you're gonna tell me a number or.
Moderator: Yeah, we can do a fake one. Let's just do 3, 2, 1,
Moderator: 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7, 8, 8.
Moderator: You can keep going.
P20: Do you want me to say yes or no? It doesn't matter the secondary, because it's gonna be the same thing. So so should I just say no to make it faster for time.
Moderator: Yeah, we can do that. But what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P20: Oh, yeah, that's a good point. Let's go back. Yeah, I didn't. You're right.
P20: So it's the same people. So again, I'm assuming
P20: there should be some explanation. Again.
P20: I kind of think I know what that means, being in the industry, and also having dealt with what I do professionally, and having cared for my parents. Typically what that means is when I'm not available or I'm incapacitated. That person will take over. But again, someone who has no clue. What does that mean? That should be
P20: again, instead of saying, this is like very gobbly gook. Yes, it's basically the same thing, but it's a backup support. What does explain backup support? Meaning like
P20: that? The
P20: the person?
P20: Are they responsible for the hours for caring? Are they responsible for responsibility? Endpoint, you know like, what does that mean?
Moderator: How do you think that the secondary role differs in the application process and benefits from the primary caregiver.
P20: It. It shouldn't.
P20: I don't. I mean, I don't know if we've completed the whole process. I don't know what the process is. I don't again don't. What are the responsibilities.
P20: you know? Like, let's say I'm Sally, and I'm taking care of my dad, John. But
P20: I don't know. Maybe maybe
P20: I have a child and and I'm not available. I'm taking my kid. I maybe I have a disabled child. I don't know. I'm making up stuff. I have a disabled child. I'm not always available. I have. My husband can take it. Can my husband, who would be the son-in-law, help out, you know to take my dad to a doctor? Can my older child can another sibling of ours do it?
P20: again the responsibility? I don't even know what it means to be, quote unquote. A caregit, you know, like this is.
P20: it's just not explained clearly.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Yeah.
Moderator: You?
Moderator: Alright. So I also have a question about the sections we've been through so far. If you were completing this form for real.
Moderator: Could you tell me how you'd coordinate getting all of that information from everyone involved? Or would you sit down and complete this form together?
P20: Chances are I'd probably know it again, putting aside, asking for social security number of the secondary people. But all that stuff, if these are people. You know the birth date.
P20: You're not really. There was nothing here that was so
P20: personal. That's strange in terms of documentation. You're asking for demographic info, birth, date.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: I'd also want to know. You know, qualifications like, it's a strange this doesn't make sense on so many levels. Like, for example, if I'm reading this. Okay? And again, I'm
P20: I'm going to keep coming back to this. I'm going for my personal knowledge and professional knowledge. Okay, so let's say, I'm reading this, and this sounds really great. You know, my dad needs help. I'm not working.
P20: Okay. But then
P20: little do I know, because I'm uneducated. I've never, you know. Whatever I'm not informed. My dad is obese. He's 200 pounds. He's a diabetic. I'm a little person like I'm 105 pounds
P20: and
P20: I've never
P20: cared for him before.
P20: but I want to.
P20: and I have the time.
P20: Will you teach me?
P20: Am I even capable of caring for him like, what are you doing? An assessment process to determine
P20: that I can do it?
P20: What's your checks and balances on me?
P20: Are you paying me? How do you know I'm even doing it? Are you sending a nurse like? Typically, again, the way these things work professionally like there's a program new card CD pass, and they actually say, like, you have to meet criteria initially. But there really isn't so much people checking, and there could be tremendous fraud on this.
P20: So what if I say, my grandson's gonna help my dad or my son?
P20: And we filled out all the Va stuff. But really, yeah, my dad's managing on his own. And we're just
P20: taking the checks. How do you know?
P20: Is someone visiting quarterly, or you know who's supervising this program?
P20: I'm saying that more professionally like how there should be some types of something.
P20: what if you need increased care? What is the care amount based on? Like? Again? We don't know how many hours. And what's the pay?
P20: Is this everyone a standard? Is there like? How does this even work? I still have no clue.
P20: I wouldn't even be applying birth date, social statement. I don't even know what we're getting or what this is about.
P20: I just keep coming back to that.
P20: Okay, yeah.
Moderator: It's really fair.
Moderator: So this page here, in your own words, could you describe what it's asking you and what it means?
P20: Okay, next steps, you can see.
P20: Okay, I mean, I know what it is. They're basically asking if the person has cognitive ability to sign, or if not, or physical ability, or you can sign for them. So this gets down to power of attorney.
P20: Yeah, but that's what that means.
Moderator: Okay. Are you a legal representative for the veteran.
P20: Me personally.
P20: Yes.
Moderator: Okay. So what would you select here?
P20: The 1st one.
Moderator: The 1st one.
P20: I am valid power of attorney. I also feel we also did the Va. Because they didn't recognize you like they also have their own.
P20: I I could be, either, because I feel both. But but it's the 1st one listed, and that's usually like the most people's heads. When you have a poa.
P20: There's the Va form. But
P20: in the world at large, you know. Again
P20: I would I would have checked the poa.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: I'm also his Vegans claimant represent. I'm like, I think, 3 of these things here, but that's you know. I don't know if everyone has that.
Moderator: oh!
P20: Okay, yeah, that's all fine.
Moderator: Okay? And then what type of document would you upload here.
P20: Again. It could probably be the poa.
P20: But, like I said, I'm also
P20: I'm not sure which. If it's the I don't either another one or 2 of these. I don't know if it's on the signer certificate. No, no, I'm not. If I'm
P20: and I'm also I'm definitely his claimants representative. I'm also his fiduciary. But yeah.
P20: alright, yeah. I mean, I could upload that. That wouldn't be a problem.
P20: I'm not gonna do that. But I could.
Moderator: Yeah, that's fine. What would you expect to happen next if you did upload the poa.
P20: I'd like. I still don't know what the program is like. You know how many hours, what I'm getting paid? How are we signing up for something we don't know. So somewhere I'm I'm waiting to say, what is this program?
Moderator: Okay. Let's go back a page and then just select that you're the veteran signing for yourself so that we can bypass this upload file step.
Moderator: If you go down to the button where that and you was. There's a back button, too.
P20: Oh, I think I did. I think I did. Okay, here.
Moderator: Yeah, let's perfect.
P20: Oh!
Moderator: So just take a look over this page and tell me what you think about it.
P20: I should click on the things.
Moderator: If that's what you would do.
P20: Well, I don't know time wise if you like. The veterans incur.
P20: Okay, so the 1st thing
P20: I mean something is just.
P20: oh, okay, this is just giving a summary of what I put in. I still don't know what the program is.
P20: This is like this whole. It doesn't.
P20: Oh, wait! Is that going to my demo?
P20: So all that thing all this is doing is just it's a review. It's just spinning back everything I wrote.
P20: I don't know the program
P20: at this point. I probably I mean, I would have stopped ages ago and called, you guys, how am I certified? This doesn't make sense.
P20: I started with individual names like more involved in my care. And I
P20: you can't
P20: certified to something. You don't know what you're certifying to.
P20: What type of care. I don't know.
P20: That doesn't make sense.
Moderator: What would your comfort level be with S, filling these out without all the people involved present.
P20: Meaning. If I was the
P20: which role, if I was the vet like, who? What do you mean?
Moderator: You would be the primary caregiver.
P20: Right? Oh, without the secondary people.
Moderator: For your dad here.
P20: Yeah, no, that's why I always I might do everything for him. He can't do himself. So that's fine.
P20: and it's fine for the secondary, because, assuming I'm the main cookie, I'm arranging all of this. I'm the main person. So that you know this is what this is. Typically how caregiving functions.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: If you saw something that you entered by mistake, how would you go about correcting that.
P20: Oh! In the review.
P20: Only the the edit button.
Moderator: Okay, go ahead and try that.
P20: Oh, just to edit something. Okay?
Moderator: Yeah, for anything.
P20: Okay. Here. Also, I put them along, though.
P20: Yeah, that's fine.
Moderator: Okay, any other feedback about this page, you won't be able to actually submit the form. It would just give you an error. So I'm gonna share the final page.
P20: Right? Okay? So I'm just reading
P20: again. It doesn't make sense. This 3rd paragraph. I tested my application into our participation. Okay, now we're calling it Pcafc.
P20: That's the 1st time I'm seeing this acronym again. It should be. Do a nice little acronym like help, or something that sounds
P20: like, you know whatever
P20: is this?
P20: And again again, I can't
P20: say attest to my all of that when I don't know what that means. Okay, so it keeps going back to that.
P20: I agree to perform personal care services again.
P20: These things have to be clarified
P20: when it says it can be revoked by 38 Cfr. Whatever. What does that mean?
P20: Why could I be revoked?
P20: Keep in mind. People might be changing their life around for this, you know, I might be quitting a job or
P20: taking a babysitter to pay for my kid to do like
P20: this is not?
P20: There's too much attention to the gobbledygook details, and not like, what is this about.
Moderator: Okay.
P20: Yeah.
P20: yeah. Okay. What do you? What do you want me to do? Submit, or don't do I hit that or.
Moderator: No, it will just give you an error. If you do
Moderator: go ahead. Hit, submit. I'll show you what will come next, and I just want to get your feedback on this page.
Moderator: We're right at time, though, so do you have a hard stop.
P20: No, it's okay. Keep going.
Moderator: Okay, we're almost towards the end here.
Moderator: Can you see the page? Okay.
P20: Yep.
Moderator: Okay. So I'm just gonna
Moderator: scroll through this page. You can tell me if you want me to scroll faster or slower, and just describe to me on in your own words what the page is telling you, and what comes next in the process.
P20: This whole thing doesn't make sense. I still don't know what I'm applying for.
P20: I've never seen a program that is, you know. So right away. Thank you for completing.
P20: I don't know what the qualifications were for the program. I don't know if I meet the criteria. I don't know what it needs to be done. I don't know how I'm being compensated, what my responsibility is.
P20: so it doesn't. None of that is clear. I don't know what the supervision is for me, or what if I need education? Nothing
P20: of? Who am I reporting to?
P20: So this whole thing is just very superficial.
P20: Okay, member of the caregiver support team. Where the veteran receives care plans or receive care will contact the veteran and any caregivers this application eligibility that doesn't even make sense.
P20: So I apply. Then they're gonna call and explain it to me.
Moderator: Is that what you think is telling you.
P20: Yeah, it says, a member of the caregiver support team where the veteran receives care or plans to receive care will contact the veteran and any caregivers to discuss this application eligibility.
P20: So that means I'm applying. I might not even be eligible. So basically this, this, the whole thing, doesn't even make sense. It seems like
P20: what to do if you have questions now. But like, yeah.
P20: okay, tells you, if you get denied
P20: here, learn more about the family caregiver program.
P20: Oh, decision! Tell me what the program is. This is just really frustrating.
P20: You may also be available for the program of General caregiver support service like what
P20: this is such gobbledygook like. Whoever did this. I hope this isn't you guys. I know you're you're the research people. But like this, whoever did this. I think it's wonderful that the Va. Is trying to make such a program. I laud the concept. It is very poorly executed. Forget the language, just the concept, very poorly, poorly, poorly executed. It's a waste of time for
P20: the family members, the veteran and the professionals from the Va. Who could be helping people where this should be explained very simply. It should not be so complicated to explain this
P20: that I should only be calling. If I'm really eligible.
P20: I could have spent so much time in finding my dad the veterans on eligible. I'm not eligible, or I don't want it, because
P20: the terms aren't satisfactory to me.
P20: So it's like I still don't even know anything. It sounds kind of crazy.
P20: Read about the program of general character support. Maybe if I would have clicked on that that would have totally yeah, just I don't know.
P20: I keep coming back to the same stuff because it's just so basic.
P20: Unless there's an assumption that you know what the program is I'm assuming it's not like. If I already knew what the program was, and that was like a whole set, and this whole session was about
P20: the details of it and the execution. But I don't even know substantively what it is.
Moderator: okay, any other feedback about this page.
P20: No.
P20: it just doesn't make sense.
Moderator: Okay, I just have a couple of final questions, and then we're all done.
Moderator: So now that you've seen the form, what research would you want to do before applying.
P20: Again back to the basics. I want to know what is the program. What are the qualifications for the veteran, for the caregiver?
P20: What type of
P20: remuneration is the the caregiver receiving what are the expectations, the time commitment, the money
P20: and
P20: and what is the supervision or training? You know what if somebody says I want to do this, but I don't know. My dad's just getting out of the hospital, or you know, my boyfriend or husband whatever, and he's disabled. He lost his leg.
P20: I've never done that before, that's scary. But I I want to do it. Are you gonna train me.
Moderator: Hmm.
P20: And then what's the supervision?
P20: Who can I talk to for questions? If I have about things like, who's doing that? All that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: And where? Where would you find? Where would you look for that information?
P20: I, why wouldn't go online? I would be calling the either the appointed caregiver person or my social like we have. I. My dad is a social worker in the Va. So I would be calling
P20: that person, or whoever is the caregiver coordinator for this program, like, remember, they said they assigned somebody that I would have gone to. I'm sure they would have given me a number. It would have been a phone call, not
P20: I wouldn't. Yeah. I want to pertain to me, not just online. So I would want to speak to someone.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's helpful. I think I know the answer to this question. But what are your thoughts about the amount of information provided in this form. Did you think it was too much just enough, or too little.
P20: Too much.
Moderator: Too much and not the right information right? Correct.
P20: Again. Tell, tell me what the program is. Once I know we qualify, I'm happy to give even social and everything. But you don't ask for information. It doesn't make sense to ask for information. I don't know what I'm applying for.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is there anything that would have been helpful to see about? Who any additional information that would have been helpful to see about who qualifies to be a primary or secondary caregiver in this form.
P20: Yes, I think I've said that extensively, and that should be on the 1st page, and should be very clearly laid out, that who qualifies as the vet who qualifies for the caregiver. I said this many times, and what are their responsibilities, and what is their remuneration and expectations?
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: thank you so much. That is all the questions I had for you. I just want to circle back and reconfirm. Are you comfortable if we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va. Partners removing any identifying information.
P20: Yes, of course, I hope this clarifies. I think it's a cool program, but
P20: you know, I hope my info helps.
Moderator: Yeah. That's why we're doing it.
P20: So, yeah.
Moderator: So it's really helpful.
Moderator: is there any part of our discussion that you wouldn't want shared in a video clip?
P20: No.
Moderator: Okay, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us. The feedback is really helpful and will directly impact changes. We'll make to this process for veterans and caregivers.
Moderator: Lastly, Perigan, that's the company that sent you the invite for this. They'll be sending you a thank you. Note in your email with a blurb that you could pass along. If you know any other veterans or caregivers that might want to participate in research studies like this.
P20: Okay, wonderful. Thank you. Yeah. And if they have any further questions for follow up, I'm here. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you so much. We really appreciate it, and I hope you have a great rest of your day and a good weekend.
P20: You, too. Thank you. You guys are doing great work. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you.
P20: Alright! Take care! Bye-bye.